Light theme update and mixins refactor (#145)
pxblue/themes: angular/CHANGELOG.md

## v6.0.0 (Not published)

> > Migrating some 5.0.0 to 6.0.0 may require higher specificity when applying custom styles to Angular or PX Blue components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Migrating to version 6.0.0 may require you to provide higher specificity if you were applying custom styles to Angular or PX Blue components.
```

Reviewer: I would move this into the changed section so we keep our consistent changelog format
